Don't you notice yet?
I'm starting to walk in ways I believe in. Here, again.
Right.
I knew it.
I'm the same as ever.
Maybe I'll try to start walking?
In that distant time,
I'm looking for meaning in life.
The sound is bounding rhythmically.
If we could put into words
every second someone lives on,
we feel ourselves live on,
like scattering words about.
If we could put into words
every second someone lives on,
we feel ourselves live on,
like scattering words about.
Here.
Now, what you were seeing is
your own self facing yourself on that day.
Here, again
...Sort of. So much happened, but
I kept on living.
I'll go again being still the same as that day.
I'm looking for meaning in life
...I walk because I was born.
If we could put into words
every second someone lives on,
we feel ourselves live on,
like scattering words about.
If we could put into words
every second someone lives on,
we feel ourselves live on.
like scattering words about.
Here.
If I can put into words
every second I've lived,
I should be able to start walking again.
...Like you did one day.